we are here in front of your what it serves on
operations
yes you bought it in which year 2010
September 11, 2001 with accor
so what are these rooms outlander its
150 6 uncertain yeah and you're using it
for why exploitation no no no
in fact no longer the system for maintenance
and slugs after that lets me go
search for you for example in case
killer I have a small remark that
that bring water a take a
wheelbarrow because its laws to the mails your
teeth and quiet after
it allows me to go for a ride in
a car in the village I
several small fences down to that
take the car is more pleasant
to take the code that the car and
after make plain tower when
do a tour of the plain is nice
also good this year it's true
that our years rites is lent
the ideal but we always had a quad
before changing dead we always have
hands but if after a new look
and what is it mostly to say
quiet at the level of being able to go
everywhere boxet what are you
briconautes suite there we bought it from
true enthusiasts be a confession a yeah
what did you take concussion
as an option almost ten years ago the
taxes nor shocking except in the winter and that
it's essential as if we were going
badly congested both with the
speed and cold and will make you and
that's something
indispensable
and behind we did not take them but we
has a system where six co driver and he wants
he can put it now for
having too frank that's good because
we also have fun a little bit is that
snow do not want to make
jokes slips and if we can not
the heated handles we had
a little afraid to go out
at winter according to a winch
also the brain homeland that
after a winch goes it's really in case
where went in summer to bruce ac
that's how they sell it but
we the key for our use
because in fact we are a system
cubicles in the locker room and 4 and one
cow stuck in the cubicles on
age we do not have the strength anymore
had when we were 20 years old and we are
than 2 on the rotations and it goes in
do that we avoid calling for help
and then to be able to do the job alone
that is to say, we attach beyond
clumsy h then slowly we got it
slips under the couret rug and
remote remote control north
of course you have to climb it is a
electric motor and electric motor
rates yeah yeah more gently
you need someone next to the bar is
often when we do it in these cases
it's really that some regrets t in
or network situation is often she
not move so true revolt has two
hiccups creysse to the dough to break
or when she gets up and then someone
on the on the code
good after what can we still
say nothing second seat
we took a second seat that is
my wife she likes to come with my
brother and to take to a person on
headphones the soap box km cambrésis
bakai is always driving it changes
understands the small paths and then there
how is the pontil far enough the bins
well and the ideal is ideal because we
can put both helmets sheryl crow
offers can be your helmets and then
them easily even something else
the pomegranate skull and it's locked
all is true that I practice so
such take 3 blu am not an anti
slugs and that would have been a vote on the
report ordered these halal menus I want
your hook to draw a ball
for a small trailer looked pretty
but what is it worth
a vettel practice has a little letter
simple dead a little trailer that
allows two cases to take the wheelbarrow
to be born the calf in the little rumor
short how they go maintenance this losc
and time spent should not be neglected
as it turns to the essence that the
essence is so it's a way two-cylinder
650 but it has a lot of punch
scares in his name he is stable
we are used to it since 90
that three barracks as adequate from here
so during the usual no and that's it
there is weight on the front and not too much
light of france acadie is heavy there
is on the whole it is heavy and
could get off the ground we can not get there
not so easily that no no no no
it's not worse
yeah but well full well designed
well finished I mean what are we
learned how much tension we value
also to protect the fires all that
because my wine in the paths
happens that the obstacle horse all
to these things and I think it takes
not neglect because it's expensive
all that is piece I would like to say
still it's not close to a friend
because it's better protected and then they
together
it was sold well
they were well advised of maintenance
go we did the main thing is to
say there are some gressing business
air filter
then after really go once a year
we envision them in dying and vision
at gps but comfortable especially
comfortable
easy to use after going here
anti-slip that's not bad
and which foot way quickly slipped
canton when we come out good lighting
and nothing to say that and when a calf in
a black dress behind that is worth
shoot street it's more simply I
would like to say it's largely his
powerful true that they are little says it
rather it uses what it still
mean I will not be directly the
consumption but I played it's
small machines that consume anyway
must compare you must not hide it
what